---
layout: post
title: Pdf To Odp

post_id: 224
categories:
- download
- python
- Software
---

Initially written to have a pdf presentation written with latex, imported into Google docs. Google docs have the option of reading a pdf, but at the time of this witting, there were not presentation mode for pdf documents, or any ways of importing pdf into a presentation.

<!--more-->

### Usage ###

{% highlight bash %}
python build.py input.pdf /tmp/out
{% endhighlight %}

The file /tmp/out.odp will be written.

To convert it to ppt (Microsoft powerpoint), open the odp with open office, and use the save as function.

### Requirements ###

python, convert (imagemagick), zip, open office (optional).

### Download ###

Download the <a href="{{ site.baseurl }}/files/pdf2odp.zip">pdf2odp</a> file after reading and accepting the license and no warranty clause below.

### How it works ###

It creates a list of images using convert from the pdf: one image per page, then using a odp template file (don't try to open it, it is a not a valid odp file by itself), it generates a valid open document presentation. You can convert it to ppt with open office for instance.

### License ###

DO WHAT THE FUCK YOU WANT TO PUBLIC LICENSE
Version 2, December 2004

Copyright (C) 2004 Sam Hocevar
14 rue de Plaisance, 75014 Paris, France
Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim or
modified copies of this license document, and changing it is
allowed as long as the name is changed.

DO WHAT THE FUCK YOU WANT TO PUBLIC LICENSE
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION

0. You just DO WHAT THE FUCK YOU WANT TO.

This program is free software. It comes without any warranty,
to the extent permitted by applicable law. You can redistribute
it and/or modify it under the terms of the Do What The Fuck You
Want To Public License, Version 2, as published by Sam Hocevar.
See http://sam.zoy.org/wtfpl/COPYING for more details.
